You said on the last time we talked to
you, the chips themselves are were not
actually a major constraint for you and
that it was more like citing the chips
and the powering the chips, the access
to electricity. Talk about that. What is
the state right now? Let's say like I
assemble a I approach you a bunch of
people from Hudson River Trading. I get
a bunch of GPUs. Is it then not trivial
to find a place to plug those in?
>> It's definitely hard to find sites and
at short lead times. If I If I went to
the market and said I want, you know,
6,000 Blackwell GPUs in a box somewhere
in North America for delivery in Q4,
I'm not sure such an offering exists at
any reasonable price. Like if it from
maybe someone will give up a lease and I
could snag it, but I think if I went to
the market and tried to get a quote on
it.
>> Wait, so just to be clear,
you the chips are available but not the
capacity to run them.
>> power, I could get the chips. Blackwell
chips for delivery this year, but I do
not think I could get the whole
solution. Um
and then if you go into 2027 for the
next generation of GPUs, the Rubin GPUs,
they at least for the first like stretch
are going to be very much sold out. And
so I think that's like a maybe you
actually have on a 2027 delivery you
have more luck finding a data center
shell by then, but you need to you need
to be in queue now for those GPUs if you
want them early. So those things are
those things are in demand. I'll say
that for sure.
And
we are
one one of my greatest failures has been
you know, part of my skepticism has been
predicting how many GPUs we would need
in a long enough horizon and it's
punishing because it you're constantly
playing catch-up and one of our
competitors put out a podcast this
weekend and they mentioned something
along the lines of the fact they they
had one data center and it was the data
center and that was their data center
and then
as they're hungry and hungry for more
compute they had to go out and find it
wherever they could and I would say we
are in exactly the same boat. You just
can't be picky. It's like you've got
like a megawatt there, I'll take it.
And it could be
you know, not on terms that are super
favorable to you.
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
The Odd Lots podcast. I'm Joe
Weisenthal.
>> And I'm Tracy [music] Alloway.
>> Tracy, we did another one of our uh live
shows. This time our biggest show ever.
>> show ever. Um it was absolutely amazing.
We did it at City Winery in New York. I
think we had over 300 people in the end.
>> Yeah, I think there was like 350 people
were there.
>> Yeah, and the crazy thing is I think it
was our sort of first themed show. And
we didn't really plan it that way, but
it just worked out.
>> Right. I guess like it's like it's
themed and anti-themed at the same time
because we're in this moment in which
everything is just like AI markets,
markets AI, etc. But, you know, there's
all kinds of new things to trade and
people are fascinated by the trade
itself and people are fascinated by the
way the technology development is
affecting the trade. So, we really
wanted to do a kind of, you know, future
of trading
show, which is a very broad thing, but
it did sort of come out that way.
>> Yeah, it really did. And you finally
fulfilled your long-time dream of doing
two-part episodes with our guests. So,
our first speaker of the evening was
actually someone who's been on the show
before.
>> That's right. So, we had him on the show
last year and
we had him on our live show. Listen to
our episode with Ian Donning. He is the
head of AI at Hudson River Trading.
Talked about all things implementing AI,
GPUs, all that stuff within the context
of a trading shop. Take a listen.
>> Joe, this is your dream, right? You
finally get to do a two-part episode.
>> is the thing I always think about, which
is that after every episode we do, I'm
like, oh, there's a question I wish I
had asked. So, we had Ian on sometime
last year.
>> So, the last round was easy. This one
will be tougher.
>> a little worried about that. I was
>> to start first before we, you
talk about what you do, etc. So, here's
the question I wish I had asked last
time. So, Hudson River Trading
uh trading shop, you're involved in the
AI stuff.
Um could you have could you
theoretically do what Highflyer did and
launch an LLM with this tech stack that
you have and launch a Deep Seek
competitor?
>> I think so. I think we're good at
training models. We have a lot of
compute. Uh and people are good at doing
the cycle of research, which is required
to catch up to the sort of frontier.
However, I guess uh
reaching the frontier is clearly a very
daunting task. So, maybe it's uh with
some effort Deep Seek, but
beyond that is not a claim I'll be
willing to make. It's a hugely
capital-intensive task, clearly, and
>> But, do you ever like do people ever
chat about that? It's like, we could do
that.
>> Oh, we think about it, you know. I mean,
I think perhaps we missed our moment to
do so. There's so many open models now
coming out from the US as well as like
China that there's like a huge array of
them. It's kind of an interesting shift
from that Deep Seek moment where it felt
like it was the first bolt from the blue
of like here's a competitive open model.
Uh now I see so many groups releasing
them.
I don't know what the future of open
models is if they're all kind of,
you know, a serious step back and the
frontier is progressing so fast. I I
don't know how you
keep up with that. But, many people
believe that it's possible. I I'm not so
sure I one of those people though.
>> Okay, so speaking of things moving so
fast, my first question is slightly
different. I looked up your Twitter feed
>> Oh, no.
>> before [laughter] you came on the show.
Your last tweet before today was, and I
quote, "Feel this every day. Worry it's
some sort of AI-induced delirium. But
then again, various empirical measures
are exponential-looking, so feels best
to assume we're hurtling towards some
sort of end game." So, first of all,
>> [laughter]
>> please convince us all live on stage
that you are in fact not suffering from
AI-induced delirium. But secondly, like
what is the end game that you speak of
here?
>> God, now I sound like a San Francisco
person.
>> [laughter]
>> I I've I've resist I've been doing AI
stuff since around 2016 and that started
at at DeepMind and I was a bit of a
culture shock for me because there are
true believers then and I was most
certainly not a true believer.
And I resisted it and I was kind of a
natural skeptic for a a long time.
But
certain empirical measures of the pace
of progress
in the outside world and I also look at
our our own business
which all looks
somewhat exponentially the amount of
compute I'll have next year versus this
year and the amount of compute I have
this year versus last year looks kind of
exponentially.
>> Huh.
>> And we're doing things today that I
didn't really I should have dreamt of. I
wish I had that kind of visionary I
could say I'm a visionary and I can see
the future and I'm building towards it,
but no I I mean I think I'm a pragmatic
engineer archetype and so it's been very
incremental.
And I'm like, wow, that happened in a
year? What So what does this mean? Is it
some sort of technological convergence,
everything going faster all the time?
>> Well, give us an example.
>> Delirium probably, but you know
>> Give us an example then cuz you know,
obviously those of us using just the
regular models, obviously the
improvements in capabilities from one
year to another are mind-blowing. But
from the perspective of like, okay, the
application of AI within the trading
context, what is something that you can
do in 2026 that in say 2024 you would
not have been able to anticipate?
>> Oh, I mean I I think it's one way to
think of it is like the amount of
compute going into both training a model
and running a model and and that it's
the same technology working across every
equity, every future, every crypto
market, every option market across the
world with a kind of unified approach.
And this is something that we're doing,
but even more interestingly, I I would
not claim that we are some unique people
who have only the ones who have really
made progress in AI and trading. I think
many of our peers are also investing
massively um and we're all doing it all
at the same time. What does that mean?
Like surely you can't just like keep
getting better at predicting markets
forever. There's going to be some sort
of
forcing function where, you know, your
your margins go to zero as you keep
investing more in compute.
>> saying is you are just getting better
and better at being able to predict
where a market is going to go further
and further out in the time frame.
>> Basically and and we're not the only
ones. So in the end can there be some
Highlander type thing? Like what are we
doing? And and it's it's it's this is
like my scale and I guess the other
thing I find interesting is of course
the scale that everyone can see with the
the big labs and what they're doing with
compute and it's like
it looks awfully exponential to me. We
just had another model released today
from Anthropic and the type of spacing
between them seems to be
compressing. I don't know. I'm I do
sound delirious. I sound feverish and
that's why it's so hard to
>> literally everyone in this room probably
>> everyone must feel the fever to some
extent, yeah.
>> I never understood the Highlander there
can only be one thing cuz there already
two. They could just coexist.
Anyway, sorry. I'm just picking apart
your analogy. Um you mentioned a new
model release. When a new model gets
released, like what is the first thing
you do at Hudson River Trading to
evaluate it and how do you actually
compare them to the existing ones?
>> so I mean our primary use case is at
Hudson River Trading is definitely kind
of just like accelerating our own
research. So that can be coding, but it
can also be, you know, coming up with
experiment ideas, monitoring
experiments.
Uh we had a sort of a false start with
AI I would say sometime last year with
the Opus 4.0 models especially from from
Anthropic where a cursory examination
made us feel like, well, this is the
moment. We've crossed the dividing line
and we we had a very feverish week where
we felt the AGI and we left feeling
empty because we realized that it was
not there. It was not able to
meaningfully augment human researchers.
And then we had that same feeling again
when Opus 4.5 came out and suddenly it
was like, oh, wait, no, this is this is
actually what we thought it was going to
be 6 months ago.
So,
in the most recent model releases that
the differences have been more subtle.
Um but we see I think we have a much
better sense of a ever reducing set of
errors they make. And so we're kind of
looking for those little mistakes and we
are we spent some time in the past
couple of weeks trying to come up with
objective measures to index them against
humans in the act of quant research
ideating signals and things. You know,
quant research used to be as we talked
about a little bit like handcrafting
indicators and things. Uh why not ask AI
agents to do to do that and and compare
them against humans like a little sort
of battle and uh
it's it's they're like, I don't know,
intern intern level AI perhaps. I would
be The thing is like would I
would I think it'll be in a year? I
would not want to make a bold claim but
it'll still be intern level, yeah.
>> So, when we think about investing in
general, even within sort of like
classical quant trading going back
decades, there is often
it might be quant but there's some
intuition behind it, right? Cheap stocks
tend to do better and we don't actually
totally have agreement why they did for
a while but that seems
people aren't necessarily surprised by
that fact, right?
Are we going to get Are we at the point
where it's like why even bother coming
up with a human intuitive story? And you
just skip the part of giving an
explanation that sounds logical to a
person and it's just basically pure like
rigorous
back testing and then it's like, look,
here is something that seems to work and
we've back tested a million different
ways and it seems to work and we don't
even bother coming up with a story for
why but we're going to trade it.
>> I I I feel like we're in that world
today. It's sort of you know, post post
post capitalism. When I see IPOs
discussed for this coming summer at the
valuations they are, I'm like, "What is
a fundamental? Like, what is What is
anything?" It's It's It feels like
markets are just uh The cynical take is
everything is gambling, and so
everything is some sort of like gambling
market, including public markets, but
flows, it's buying and selling, and it's
just It's worth what it's worth, and
it's detached, and more buyers and
sellers, price go up, and and models are
excellent at like pulling that out of
data.
>> But you just like let's say, you know,
the classic example of like a
back-tested is like, "Oh, companies with
the ticker symbol that starts with P,
they do well on Tuesdays." And it's
like, "Well, look, the data says that,
but this makes no sense. We're not going
to trade that." Could it get to the
point where it's like, "Look, ticker
symbols that starts with P do well on
Tuesdays, and we've run this a bunch of
times, and it seems to work, so we're
going to put money behind this."
>> Just do what the AI says.
>> I
That's what I'm sort of getting
>> feel like yes, although it sounds crazy
when it sounds like AI delirium when I
say it, but I feel like there's some
sense that that could be true. But at
some point, I I I can't predict.
So, at the very short time scale, people
accept this already, right? Like, I
can't tell you the price of like a stock
in a minute, and no one would have
really reasonably expect any human to do
so, even if they had the order book and
spent all the time in the world staring
at it. But we accept that neural
networks can do this.
And then
when does that logic break down? Why
should it break down at some long time
scale if it's ingesting all the data and
has everything, and it can can keep it
all in a context in a way human can't?
Why should I be able to understand it?
And that is a strange thought. Uh
a loss of control It feels like a loss
of control, but it's it's actually be
You know, people say this for math.
Maybe humans are actually very bad at
math. So, it's not surprising AI is much
better than humans at these like math
proofs. Um humans probably would be
pretty bad at markets with thousands of
tradable instruments on like very long
time scales. Uh we just kind of accepted
that we were Some people were good at
this. Maybe that's a was a temporary
state of affairs.
>> Well, we talked about this the last time
you were on the idea that the models
themselves are not very interpretable, I
guess you would say, but you're
comfortable with that on a short trading
time frame, which is what you do.
Um and then we started joking about
magic models and magic is a dangerous
word to use on this podcast cuz people
start thinking about magic boxes. But
anyway,
um now that you've been doing this for
another 6 months since we last spoke to
you, do you feel like you have better
insight into what the models are
actually doing and why they're able to
succeed on short time frames?
>> I I I do think there diagnostics we've
done where when we can we can see things
that we can understand. I I It's like
looking at some very very complex thing
and you can look at one facet of it and
be like, "This is a facet I understand."
And that gives you some confidence. But
it might be illusory because it's a very
very complex object. And you can if
you're only taking slices through it and
to understand aspects of it, um you
know, we had this
emergent phenomenon we saw where it felt
like the model kind of understood meme
stocks from first principles.
>> Uh say more about that, yeah.
>> Well, you know, like quantum stocks uh
and crypto stocks uh being kind of
adjacent in stock space. And of course
from a fundamentals perspective, this
has no there's no meaning to it, but uh
we looked at the model under a certain
lens and it clearly felt like they're
they it it knew they were connected.
There were some other actual companies
that I probably won't name cuz it feels
like it's bad form. But you know, Wall
Street Bets favorites, I guess. And and
they were near the cluster, too. And
this was like just one little window,
but there were other slices we tried to
take which just didn't make sense to us.
But again, it's like
who who am I to say?
>> override the model? If the model says
they're in that vicinity of
hyperdimensional space, they're there.
>> Yeah. The one thing for us though is
that when we do have this this magical
model, it is in a lot of safety around
it because we're doing this higher
frequency trading, we're trading
positions back and forth. There's a lot
of risk checks that are fully automated
and things. I don't know how you
generalize this logic to long-term
discretionary trading where the idea of
like risk checking and and that kind of
layer of defense around it is not so
obvious to me how you apply that. We can
apply very strict controls around this
model because it's a well-posed problem.
We're not taking giant idiosyncratic
risks in like one name for months at a
time.
It's a very like we can sleep at night
because of this. I don't know how you
apply the same thinking to like a
fundamental long-short thing where you
have to put a trade on and it's for 3
months and you're intentionally taking a
very large risk in a very certain
direction.
That's a
What's the What's the What's the risk
management story around the AI if you
just give up all control to just the
magic prediction?
>> So, you said something on the the last
time we interviewed you which is very
important. First of all, I feel like in
the quote AI trading unquote, people are
obsessed with like what's the bottleneck
now, right? And because whatever the
bottleneck is, you probably sell it for
a lot more money. You said on the last
time we talked to you the chips
themselves aren't were not actually a
major constraint for you and that it was
more like citing the chips and the
powering the chips, the access to
electricity. Talk about that. What is
the state right now? Let's say like I
assemble a I pull together a bunch of
people from Hudson River Trading.
>> Yeah.
>> I get a bunch of GPUs. Is it then not
trivial to find a place to plug those
in?
>> It's definitely hard to find sites and
at short lead times. If I think if I
went to the market and said I want, you
know, 6,000 Blackwell GPUs in a box
somewhere in North America for delivery
in Q4,
I'm not sure such an offering exists at
any reasonable price. Like if it from
maybe someone will give up a lease and I
could snag it, but I think if I went to
the market and tried to get a quote on
it.
>> just to be clear,
you the chips are available, but not the
capacity to run them.
>> had power, I could get the chips, Black
chips for delivery this year, but I do
not think I could get the whole
solution. Um
and then if you go into 2027 for the
next generation of GPUs, the Rubin GPUs,
they at least for the first like stretch
are going to be very much a sold out.
And so I think that's like a maybe you
actually have on a 2027 delivery you
have more luck finding a data center
shell by then, but you need to you need
to be in queue now for those GPUs if you
want them early. So those things are
those things are in demand. I'll say
that for sure.
Um and
we are
one one of my greatest failures has been
uh you know, part of my skepticism has
been predicting how many GPUs we would
need in a long enough horizon. And it's
punishing because it you're constantly
playing catch-up and uh one of our
competitors put out a podcast this
weekend and uh they mentioned something
along the lines of fact they they had
one data center and it was the data
center and that was their data center
and then
as they were hungry and hungry for more
compute, they had to go out and find it
wherever they could. And uh I would say
we are in exactly the same boat. You
just can't be picky. It's like you've
got like a megawatt there, I'll take it.
Um and it could be
you know, not on terms that are super
favorable to you because
>> Well, say more about that. How are you
actually going out and sourcing this
stuff? Because as you say, it seems to
be exceptionally competitive and at the
same time, don't you guys have an insane
data center in like Norway or something?
>> And it's not enough. Yeah, and it's not
enough. Um yes, we we go to the neo
clouds, the hyperscalers, everyone and
it's a constant dialogue and they're
they're all in competition with each
other, but
in some sense there must be some much
bigger shadowy competition going on
behind the scenes behind these neo
clouds because they are all looking for
space and power and I don't know if
that's the true scarce resource and they
have a kind of intermediary layer over
it. I don't know what their process is
like for sourcing it. But um yeah, they
have come to us and said, "This lease
opened up. Can you please get back to us
by the end of the day and for commitment
on a long-term contract?" Um and our
contracts are long-term. This is not a
This is not spot compute. This is like
8,000 GPUs for 3 years, 4 years, 5
years. Payment, do you want to pay half
up front? Do you want to pay some per
year? A lot of different commercial
terms, credit risk on both sides. It's
complicated stuff.
>> Tell us more about the counterparty
risk. So, it's like you come
and you say you want capacity in some
data center. I'm Ian from Hudson River
Trading.
>> Who? Yeah.
>> Well,
this is the kind of thing like with this
crowd, a lot of people know what Hudson
River Trading is, but maybe in San
Francisco or whatever, that's not a
household name, etc. They want to know
for sure that you're going to be good,
you're going to like pay your bills,
etc. How do you establish to the data
center that you are going to be a
reliable, I guess, tenant?
>> Yeah, it's a it's a definitely been a
dance. It's getting better at this
point. I think we've entered into enough
deals, enough people that I think we
have that, but we've had everything from
people being like, "Oh, you've issued
bonds. What's the rating on those?"
Um to not wanting us to sell too much of
one site because
>> Explain that.
>> Like, if we take all their power rights
uh and then go bust, they might have a
long lead time with a con get another
tenant and fill that. And so,
there's like kind of
two-party problems with this where it's
like they they want customers, but
there's presumably a lot of customers,
but maybe not as many customers that are
willing to do the big size and and and
pay more up front.
Um but, you know, we're looking at their
uh CDSs on some of these ones and
thinking about how that affects our
>> Yeah.
>> You know, maybe we should pay you 350 an
hour and take out a CDS for 10 cents per
hour, equivalent of insurance on on your
heavy leveraged Neo Cloud. You're having
a disruption. [clears throat]
Uh
no names. But, you know, it's it's I
think there's there's reason to be cagey
on both sides because this is all come
from nothing like a year ago. We weren't
there asking for it and
they didn't exist to sell it. And so the
only rock is in video, I guess.
Extremely well capitalized entity who is
not going anywhere and is making love
GPUs and we have a very positive
relationship with them and I think that
is also a material factor.
>> How much optionality do you actually
have on GPUs now? Like if you say you
want to prioritize latency or
throughput, like can you get the chips
that you need to specify on one of those
things or like do you just take what you
can get?
>> Or build your own.
Yeah, you can you can well many people I
guess now are working on building their
own chips for for inference which is a
strictly simpler technological problem
and
ourselves and many of our peer trading
firms have hardware teams to tackle
this.
And
you can outsource parts of that process
so it's not as daunting as it seems. But
it's definitely an active area of
investigation for us and and now clearly
everyone cuz I feel like everyone's
talking about their partnership with
Broadcom or something like this. And if
someone says partnering with Broadcom
it's like they're they're making an
inference chip.
>> So they're interesting, right? Cuz you
hear about like Amazon like they have
their training right?
Uh Google TPU etc. So we could be in a
world in which we hear of like a Hudson
River Trading branded chip one.
>> I don't think we'll sell it but yeah
but yes you're right. That is that is
definitely the right model and
on the other hand uh Jensen never sleeps
and yeah Jensen purchased Groq and you
know they have got their new product
lineup from the Groq acquisition which
is a very compelling product as well and
there are other setups etched comes to
mind so
you know but the inference space is a
smaller design space. It's not clear
what in-house solutions will be
necessary thing in the future if there's
enough people competing but
uh on the training side,
uh
I mean, what are modes? Like, there's
>> It's just Nvidia.
>> It's just and I suppose Google, but
you know, if you are using TPUs, you're
also kind of entering a very close
relationship with Google, some feeling
of vendor lock-in. It's It's a
complicated thing if you go down that
path, but if you're compute hungry like
the Neolabs, like I mean, I have the
Neolabs, you'll take what you can get. I
think Anthropic takes TPUs, Traniums,
and GPUs, you know? They need them all.
>> Maybe we'll create a little bit of
controversy here because later on uh in
a little bit, we're going to be speaking
with Carmen Lee, the CEO of Compute
Exchange, which is
you know, one of multiple entities are
trying to build financial markets for
compute capacity, right? Trade it like
oil. So, it's like
compute futures and stuff that's
Do you right now, could you see a use
for that? A financial instrument that's
like on some liquid tradable exchange
for H100 or whatever, some benchmark of
how much it costs to run these chips.
Could you see that being a useful
instrument for you at some point?
>> It's It's plausible and it probably
relates back to my previously stated
failure to plan correctly for the
future. If If in some sense I could lock
in a price for some future date
for delivery or something of compute,
something that is connected to a price
of compute in the long-term future, I
think there could be value to that. We
could basically hedge our risk that we
wait too long to put the order in and if
price goes up I mean, in 2026, the price
of memory has gone up uh so much that I
we do have concrete specific things. I
wish I put that order in a month
earlier. Uh so, it's a real real thing.
Do I believe that they would be a good
market
uh with less liquidity for long-dated
compute futures? That, I guess, remains
to be seen. I I don't know what I would
do with a short-dated compute future. Um
I do think
defining what compute is is pretty hard
and I have I have no idea what physical
delivery would be
if that is indeed of interest because
you know
because of long-term contracts and
because of how much
work goes into every site.
>> Yeah.
>> Like when we connect to a neo cloud site
we're thinking about how to connect it
back to our other sites. Everyone's got
a different networking system.
The file system like you know we see the
GPUs which is all the focus but there's
also like you know what how does how is
data stored at that site or is it stored
at that site at all is there an adjacent
site that all the hard drives are in?
And they're all idiosyncratic and I
can't do anything with 128 GPUs. I need
thousands of GPUs or bust so that's like
my lot size. And so it's very hard to
see how you could kind of break that
down into useful units.
Um
but
you know maybe it's just a spot thing
and if it's long dated I don't know they
could be could be long
>> more at 7:20 when we get
>> Yeah.
>> I I did get a preview and it is pretty
cool like the actual program where you
can select like the type of compute you
need from a specific data center that
has like literally I think dozens if not
maybe hundreds of parameters at the
moment. So maybe we can get a
demonstration from Carmen. Um what is
your token spend like at the moment? Is
it bigger than Joe's? I hope so.
>> [laughter]
>> So I I struggle to I I I think I what is
my average? I think it's on the order of
a hundred $200 a day.
Uh
>> per employee
>> Uh per per let's suppose for someone on
my team I feel like that's kind of what
I've been seeing lately
and some people are more in the
thousands a day range. Uh bursty bit
bursty for that.
>> Wait do you like those people cuz
they're
>> [laughter]
>> supposedly more productive?
>> No wait we definitely are not trying to
encourage that. I mean some people go
through surges of experimentation slash
AI delirium which is understandable
and I think we are always trying to
understand if the people who are using
more like are they doing it for
something that you haven't figured out
yet? Um
That's a pretty profound new expense to
to have. It's It's It's not at a level
that concerns us,
but um
well, it didn't exist at all as an
expense type, so that's kind of
interesting to think about.
>> Well, I'm curious, like, you know, for
the consumer models, they talk about how
sycophantic they are. Does that happen?
It's like, yes, Ian, you're close. This
is really smart. You're close to
cracking the code of the market. Keep
pursuing this.
>> They Just one more token, bro.
>> This This idea is doing Or as Claude
likes to say, this is doing some real
work here.
>> Yeah. This argument.
>> It's really good. I
>> Do you get that in the engineering
context?
>> think we do, and uh it's um
it's interesting. We have a We just
started a new internship for the summer,
and uh in previous internships, we
noticed that, you know, it's quite
daunting coming into this quant trading
context, you know, you have no There's
not much to like read a book. You can't
read a textbook about it that's useful.
So, people ask AI.
And uh you know, it would always mention
some things with like an unusual
frequency that maybe uh an expert in
that field wouldn't like focuses on some
things, and
we noticed uh in our like winter
internship program uh a lot of sort of
very technical quant finance research
terms being mentioned a lot by the
interns that no full-timer used. It's
like the original seed of the mind virus
was AI, so there's a little stuff stuff
like that, but um
our token spending is going to go up. I
mean, that's almost guaranteed. Um
and
yeah, I we're getting value out of it.
Maybe not
2x productivity, but I I talked to
someone who said the team's 50% more
productive.
That's pretty good. I mean, you'd
happily pay $100 a day for that. I just
don't understand how people who are
token poor could keep up with someone
who's token rich, and that's
again, goes to the acceleration feeling.
It's like, if you have two people who
are sort of equally resourceful and
smart, but someone has basically a
co-pilot with them that's giving them a
50% boost, and all they have to do to
get that is essentially spend money.
It creates a have-have-nots dynamic that
possibly compounds as you have more
success, you make more money, you're
more willing to eat now $1,000 a day per
person per token spend, you go even
faster in this feeling again of
compounding acceleration, which might be
delirium, but you could make an argument
for why it's it could be a real effect
in sort of more winner-take-all context
where
speed of improvement is is like the key
thing. Um there's a story there, I
think.
>> Mhm.
>> Or delirium matter.
>> Uh well, I mean, speaking of the haves
and have-nots, the other big story in AI
world is just competition for talent,
right? And everyone is sort of chasing
the same genius engineer, I guess. How
are you finding that at the moment?
>> It's it's changed a bit. Um there's a
there's a lot of dynamics going on.
There's there's still a feeling that uh
if you are plucky enough, you can get a
VC to fund your idea based on
very little. You have the right
pedigree. And that's always been true, I
guess, in some sense. This is like
>> Yeah.
>> the YC philosophy in some sense. You go
and
It's just that some of the numbers and
the FOMO feeling and is is quite
shocking. And so
that's actually a form of competition.
Just like, "Why don't I go create a
startup? I don't have any ideas or
anything. I'm just going to make a
startup." Um
for the for the big labs, uh question of
upside, uh remaining upside. You know,
you're in a Now, I guess there are the
two big ones that are trillion-dollar
valuation. Where do you go from there? I
think that's affecting people's level of
like forward-looking optimism for people
who are taking offers now.
And for people who are at those places
and looking to leave, um generally it's
uh question of like, "Well, they've
become big tech." They've added people
at a vast rate and and the culture has
shifted, especially at some of the labs,
a lot and to our favor. Um so I think
for a while it did feel like we were in
a very very fierce competition, and now
maybe it's Now it's maybe more even
playing field, but
I don't know. I I talk to a lot of
undergrads, uh and
they don't feel great
uh about the future.
They They feel very worried, basically.
>> I was going to
This is what went by way too fast, but
like you mentioned already the models
are at like, okay, junior level.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what is like what does talent look
like at this point? And what are Like
I've seen some of the Anthropic
interview questions, and it's like
designing some GPU kernel or like
optimizing the configuration of GPUs
within the data center. What do you What
do you What do you want someone to bring
to the table at this point?
>> I mean, I think the first thing is just
trying to embrace an open-book
philosophy. Like let the interviews be
done with the aid of AI is something
we're trying to aspire to do because
it's just at some point you become It
becomes unrealistic to pretend anyone
would work without that. It One of the
big things in quant has been like the
you know, there's this like archetype of
like the the the math theorist or the
string theorist or something, and they
go into Long Island somewhere, and they
come out with Alpha. Uh but, you know,
like our our experience has been a
little bit more mixed because it's like
if you can't implement your ideas, how
do you
How How does that happen exactly? Well,
now Claude can presumably implement the
ideas. So, trying to embrace that, maybe
we do accept more theorists, more
dreamers, people who can come up with
ideas, trusting that the implementation
work can be done by AI. So, I think
that's our shift, but I've been joking
it's like the the word cell versus shape
rotator type. Like I feel like the era
of the word cell may be a bonus. Like if
I I do prompt Yeah. Like prompt
engineering is kind of a a boomer term
at this point, but there is something to
be said for like
uh
describing what you want clearly and
without confounding factors, and that is
a skill that can be learned and is not
evenly distributed in the population,
and I would argue that it's shot up in
value simply because of AI. So,
I like to think of myself as one of
these people though, so that could be
the delirium I'm talking. I I
>> All right, Ian Dunning, we could talk
for like two more hours.
>> Oh, thanks for having me.
>> But thank you so much for uh joining us
at Odd Lots Live.
>> [applause]
>> That was our conversation with Ian
Dunning of Hudson River Trading,
recorded live in New York. I'm Tracy
Alloway. You can follow me at Tracy
Alloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at The Stalwart. Follow our guest,
Ian Dunning. He's at Ian Dunning. Follow
our producers, Carmen Rodriguez at
Carmen Armon, Dasho Bennett at Dash Bot,
Caleb Brooks at Caleb Brooks, and Kevin
Lozano at Kevin Lloyd Lozano.
>> And for more Odd Lots content, you
should check out our daily newsletter.
You'll find that at bloomberg.com/odd
lots.
>> And you can chat about all these topics
24/7 in our Discord, discord.gg/odd
lots.
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please leave a comment or like the
video, or better yet, subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching.
>> [music]